Fu Yuanchuan really married me
It feels like a dream.
Why do you feel so uneasy?
Detective Liu, sorry.
I've had an accident recently
I'm just in a hurry to tell you
Your biological father is indeed against the rain
What!
My biological father is really Ning Tianyu
But Fu Yuanchuan told me
I'm not his biological daughter father
You can't fake a report.
I dare not joke with you like that.
But why would Enkawa lie to me?
Who are you?
I am Ling Tianyu.
You are dad
That's right, I'm Ling Ziyi's father
No one is hiding, he's going to work for me
Dad! Dad!
Child my child
Ah!
It's an absolutely fantastic show.
Yuan Chun
They're our children.
Chairperson Ning
You're still as ruthless as ever
Since you have become a mistress
He should have the awareness to pay the price
that year
You betrayed my parents
Make my rich family go bankrupt
Made me lonely since I was a child
Then you
What price to pay
Muzi less
Why are you here?